#4403 CRS Selector Dev documentation (#4429)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/local-config.md

  }
}
```

### projectionDefs configuration

> Custom CRS can be configured here. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom CRS can be configured here, at root level of localConfig.json file. For example:
```

  "extent": [1241482.0019, 973563.1609, 1830078.9331, 5215189.0853],
  "worldExtent": [6.6500, 8.8000, 12.0000, 47.0500]
}]
```
Explanation of these properties:

- **code** - a code string that will identify the added projection
- **def** - projection definition in PROJ.4 format
- **extent** - projected bounds of the projection
- **worldExtent** - bounds of the projection in WGS84

These parameters for a projection of interest can be looked up on [epsg.io](https://epsg.io)

### CRS Selector configuration
CRS Selector is a plugin, that is configured in the plugins section. It should look like this:
```
"plugins": {
  ...
  "desktop": [
    ...}, {
      "name": "CRSSelector",
      "cfg": {
        "additionalCRS": {
          "EPSG:3003": {
            label: "Monte Mario"
          }
        },
        "filterAllowedCRS": [
          "EPSG:4326",
          "EPSG:3857"
        ],
        "allowedRoles": [
          "ADMIN"
        ]
      }
    }, {
  ]
}
```
Configuration parameters are to be placed in the "cfg" object. These parameters are:

> - **additionalCRS** - object, that contains additional Coordinate Reference Systems, defined in **projectionDefs**, that are to be available in the CRS Selector, alongside default projections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **additionalCRS** - object, that contains additional Coordinate Reference Systems, defined in **projectionDefs**, that are available in the CRS Selector, alongside default projections.
```

Every additional CRS is a property of **additionalCRS** object. The name of that property is a code of a corresponding projection definition in **projectionDefs**. The value of that property is an object
with the following properties:

>     - **label** - a string, that will be displayed in the CRS Selector as a name of the projection

Reviewer: please check indentation here, since it is different from following params like filterAllowedCRS

> - **filterAllowedCRS** - which default projections are to be available in the selector. Currently available default projections are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **filterAllowedCRS** - which default projections are to be available in the selector. Default projections are:
```

    - EPSG:3857
    - EPSG:4326

> - **allowedRoles** - CRS Selector will be accessible only to users who have one of the listed roles. If this parameter is empty, CRS Selector will be available for any logged in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **allowedRoles** - CRS Selector will be accessible only to these roles. By default, CRS Selector will be available for any logged in user.
```
